[smoke-fort] Add lg-square_triangTest.F90 (#1322)
ROCm-Developer-Tools/aomp: test/smoke-fort/lg-squaretri/README.txt

Have enter data 
  

> Then a loop where i repetedly call execute teh same target region several times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then a loop where i repeatedly call execute the same target region several times.
```
